Of course Jewish Law could dictate such things. Halacha must have an opinion on everything, and especially things which have applicability to Jews, into which category the religion of others certainly falls (how could a Sanhedrin prosecute people for idolatry otherwise?) (And indeed, it is the halacha that Jews follow the maternal line while non-Jews follow the paternal line, generally speaking).

That said, I don't think we care what religion someone is born; it literally makes no difference, because we care about what people do (and believe), and are less concerned about their genetic heritage or upbringing. Halachically, he's not Jewish, that's all that's really important of that. I don't think halacha does follow heredity for religion.

That said, there is definitely an essentialist perspective common in the Midrash and Rishonim, and even Chumash. Obviously, whether or not to subscribe to such a perspective will differ with approaches to Chazal in general (personally, I find the evidence too compelling to deny).

However, I don't think it has any practical application. Except for Amaleik (and the Canaanites), a person's "essential nature", or tribe, should not count against them, as far as we are concerned, because we are only concerned about how they behave.

So, it might (or might not) make it easier to explain Obama's (or anyone's) behaviour and attitudes by fitting them into a Yisrael, Eisav, Ishmael schema, but it shouldn't make any difference to what we think of them, generally. So as long as your Rabbi isn't making any judgements on this point alone, I think he can believe whatever he believes about that point.

However, I don't think it makes sense to base it on someone's converted religion. Bnei Ishmael are not Muslims — Ishmael was not a Muslim. Many Muslims are Ishmaelim, and Ishmael is important to Islam, but I see no reason to believe that anyone except Jews can adopt a nationality/ethnicity with conversion (that Yisrael can do so is similarly something attested by Chazal, as far as I know, but it is a unique situation). I also think it's generally an cultural/attitudinal determination, not a genetic one, even though there does seem to be a genetic component/correlation. (which could either support or undermine the claim that his father's Islam affects it). I don't know much about the Abarbanel, so I can't comment from the textual point of view.

That said, from what I understand of the Chazalic understanding of Eisav and Yishmael, I don't think Obama fits... He's very much an American phenomenon, it seems to me. Perhaps not the president America needs, but the president America deserves right now :P

tl;dr I don't think it's completely out-of-line in principle, I really don't think it matters, and I think he's quite wrong about it (but I am unfamiliar with all the quoted sources).
I think you misunderstood my convoluted sentence, but I don't completely disagree with what you're saying.

Although I do think that if someone says before a Beis Din "I am a Canaanite worshipper of Baal and Asherah", we probably don't need to see them bowing to idols.

And I think it would certainly be relevant to halachot such as yayin nesech and the like.

But in general, my point was exactly what you're saying. It doesn't really matter to us what a non-Jew calls their religion, only what they do in terms of our laws. But sometimes there is an overlap (and there's no reason *in principle* why halacha shouldn't care what others' religions are, that is a misconception (that Judaism is down with relativistic morality and an everything goes approach to the spirituality of others)). But in this case, I don't think it makes any difference to halacha whether Obama is a Muslim (although if it does, it would be in his favour).
It's kind of funny, because there is bigotry embedded in your assumption that being (called) a Muslim is inherently a bad thing. Like only members of the Klan (and Orthodox people, who are apparently comparable...) would *dare* to call someone a Muslim, even if it made no difference to what they thought of that person or his (or her) standing in society or suitability for holding office.

From a halachic point of view, it is likely much better than being either Christian or Atheist. Although I don't think that's how this Rabbi meant it. In fact, I think the way he meant it is completely neutral and moot (you know, those Orthodox Rabbis and their Pharisaic ways — endlessly splitting hairs on meaningless hypotheticals). (And incidentally, I disagree with the Rabbi that Obama is in any way a Muslim).
Yes, I'm aware. But OP mentioned specifically that his Rabbi didn't mean it as a negative thing, just as an observation of what he perceives to be the halachic reality.

Your only being able to see it as some sort of slur affirms the legitimacy of their bigotry (except that you disagree on the point of fact).

It's also pretty bigoted to put into the mouths or minds of Orthodox Jews that Liberal Jews are "dirty" (not to mention the associated implication that we're all bigoted or ok with bigotry).
Of course there is no Halachic reality that controls Islamic law. That is beyond dispute.

But there is Halachic reality that controls Halacha. And what race/religion another person is can very plausibly fall under that.

You are assuming that because somebody come to a certain conclusion he must share beliefs and outlooks with people who came to a similar conclusion **for completely different reasons**, based on completely different logic, with completely different implications to themselves, and completely different intent.

The fact that you can't separate the statement from the intent or the reasoning or anything else about the context indicates at least one kind of bigotry on your part.

The statement
&gt; I am a dirty Liberal Jew who goes to Conservative services

indicates prejudice as well, but completely unrelatedly to the first indication.


I don't know why I've had to go over this so many times.

There is definitely a nafka mina in a person's nationality. If the person is Amaleiki, we have an obligation to kill him (or her), if the person is not Jewish, s/he cannot marry a Jew, if a man is Moavi, even if he converts, his descendants cannot become Jewish, and so on.

But there's basically no nafka mina between Muslim America, Christian American and Atheist American...
When God gave the Torah to Moses, He gave a framework for deriving law and applying the same laws and principles to new situations. It would have made no sense to give an eternal Law that was only relevant for a few decades or centuries.

I don't believe it is, but there's no reason in principle why the issue of Obama's religion/ethnicity shouldn't be addressed by halacha.
