Lifelong atheist here. And no, religious people are not by default stupid. Nor are they evil. 

They're sincere in their beliefs and, like most people, believe they are doing what is best.   

Positive atheism my friend.  

I used to be a militant atheist. I get why you think that way but you need to evolve in your belief. 

Screaming that all religious people are dumb/wicked/bigoted is'nt going to win anyone over. 

How effective do you think those street preachers are who scream at everyone who walks by?  I know they make me laugh and confirm my disbelief. 

I mean this in a constructive way, but please don't be a screaming atheist preacher. You're doing us more harm than good. 

EDIT:

You say people are evil if they support a church in any way. 

I volunteer at a free medical clinic for my city's homeless population. A church downtown lets us use their building free of charge and with no strings attached. They also feed them while they wait to be seen (again, without strings or proselytizing). 

I can't see how this is evil in any way. 
I'm pretty sure I've identified myself as an atheist several times already. 
True but anti-vaccination whack-a-loons are found on the fringes of both ends of the political spectrum. 

Lib are more likely to be into things like homeopathy
Just watch Jon Stewart. He frequently runs clips comparing how the major news outlets cover a story. It was especially telling during the Tea Party rallies when they "accidentally" reused crowd footage of a different event which falsely inflated the attendance and he called them on it. 

I prefer to get my news from comedians anyway. They're the only ones who can be trusted to tell the truth. 
When I go to Trader Joe's and see them proudly say NO GM, I utterly facepalm.

Pretty much all the food we eat has been genetically modified. We did that unwittingly for millennia. 
I'm not sure where this concept comes from. Democrats are very well able to dissent. Remember, there aren't party purity tests, no tax pledges and idolatry (Reagan worshipping) within the DNC. 

My conservative friend threw this one at me the other day and I happily rattled off my disappointments and disagreements about Obama's record. You listed many of them. I pointed out how disturbing it was for a Harvard constitutional lawyer and Nobel Peace Prize winner to use extrajudicial killing. 
