And we call McCain senile because we can't call him grandpa.

To all drive-by-upvoters who didn't read the article, it's actually an interesting thing that was learned here. It's not as simple as racism, ageism, or Obama's middle name and Muslim father.

Do yourselves a favor and read the article. Hell, there are some bullet points that illustrate the information that take about 30 seconds to read.
Like I said, it's not as simple as purely just racism/ageism. Part of it is being reminded of the difference just prior to being presented with the misinformation.

That's what the whole damn article is about.

Instead the discussion is "Yup. Racism. We already knew that." As though nothing new was learned today.

You know what's interesting about this knowledge? This new thing that no one's really talking much about in the discussion? It's the sort of thing that could be used, say by Fox News. When about to present a lie about Obama, they say something subtle that reminds people that he is black, or went to an elite college, or whatever makes people feel uncomfortable. And then, the lie.

But no, let's not read the article so we can understand that interesting thing. Just enjoy talking about the racism and move on.
Just asking people to read the article and acknowledge the finding, rather than think "Oh, a study showing racism exists."

A 50% increase in acceptance of a lie by performing a certain action is a very interesting and scary concept. To have half the crowd leave this discussion never hearing that bothers me.
Good job repeating a common factoid heard a lot around here. Did you read the article? It had an interesting point about how however likely people are to believe a mistruth, they are more likely to decide to believe it if just prior to asking them about it, you make them think about an attribute which differentiates them from the person the mistruth is about, e.g. Obama is black, McCain is old. Even if the mistruth has no relation to the attribute, such as Obama being black making non-black people more likely to think he's a socialist.
25 percent believed Obama was a socialist, bumped up to 62 when reminded he was black and they are not.

I wonder how many interesting things are in the study that didn't make it into the article.
&gt;facts (true or untrue) that makes them more different

That's interesting, I hadn't considered that.
