&gt; Obama accelerated all of W.'s policies.

Nope. Obama has done a lot of good work.
http://obamaachievements.org/list

&gt; And that whole NDAA thing.

What about it? He issued a signing statement with it instead of allowing it to pass unmodified. 
&gt; Iraq, Afghanistan, Pakistan, Yemen, Syria and Iran. W. had only two of those. Obama increased this.

Iraq and Afghanistan were full on occupations. Obama started none of those.

&gt; NDAA? It wasn't modified. He signed it.

He issued a signing statement with it. Otherwise it would have fucking passed anyway unmodified because it had a veto proof majority. Get it?

That was his best move.

&gt; What planet do you live on?

A planet where I call out lies like *"Obama accelerated all of W.'s policies."*
Here is an actual list of promises and how he's done...
http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/promises/obameter/

As you can see he's done pretty well even with the republican obstructionism.

&gt; As for him signing it with a statement as his best move, I'd like to point this out. Most people have principle and integrity, and you'd think he would veto it for both of those reasons.

WTF? So on principle you'd prefer to have a worse result on the NDAA just so you could say you vetoed it? Someone with real integrity would go for the their best option even if it doesn't sound as cool. Which is what he did.
&gt; Someone with real integrity would veto a bill they know is a blatant pathway to a tyrannical gov't regardless of what anyone else thinks.

Vetoing it would not give him the chance to add the signing statement. That would be dumb. Someone with real integrity wouldn't do something dumb like that.

According to the link Obama has come through on 159 promises with another 176 in the works. Even some listed under broken seem to be unfair. For instance he has tried to close Guantanamo and end the Bush tax cuts but has been obstructed on these and many other things.

So, even with the obstructionism he's come through fairly well.
How do you get so fucking misinformed? Are you on those email lists for senior citizens or something?
