&gt;I guess it just feels like a safe assumption since it is more than often true.

Is it? I think it might be more in who you know. I'm part of a group called Methodists for Social Action. We lobby, raise money, and protest in favor of things like the Dream Act, legalizing gay marriage, etc. I'd wager that most of my fellow Christians in that particular organization are Democrats.
I get you. Incidentally, Catholics are more likely than most Christian denominations to be Democrats.
This is the one for me. I'm a Democrat *because* I'm a Christian. It makes me feel alienated when fellow liberals assume that Christian must equal Conservative.

Also a liberal who grew up in Texas (still live here).
As a Democrat who owns several guns and enjoys shooting, I'm curious about what your argument would be against gun control. I'm personally all for assault weapons bans, for instance.

EDIT: That's right, libertarian hive-mind...vote down anyone that disagrees with you even when they are trying to engage in intelligent debate.
Assault rifles typically:

* have larger clips that hold more ammunition

* have rounds capable of piercing police body-armor (yes, so do deer rifles, but deer rifles are a little less useful when trying to take down a line of police officers than an AR-15)

I get that the average, uneducated person thinks that assault-weapon = automatic weapon. I also get that uneducated people think that automatic weapons are already illegal - Mitt Romney said it during the 3rd debate, for instance. I further get that the use of the term "assault weapon" is purposely misused for political reasons. To say that it's a bullshit term, implying that they shouldn't be treated any differently than any other weapons is itself bullshit, though. They are definitely more dangerous in a mass shooting situation like the Aurora shootings or the attack on Gabrielle Giffords and they are also definitely more dangerous to police, which is why pro-gun people like myself support their ban.

EDIT: I realize that this is Reddit karma suicide, since the prevailing social/political opinions on Reddit tend to turn toward survivalist, own as many badass guns as possible libertarianism. Enh.
Those are good points, though I'd disagree that having a larger magazine doesn't make it more dangerous. Aside from the shotgun, the other weapons the Aurora shooter used were both high capacity weapons.

And a .223 round can easily pierce armor. It's more about the grain than the caliber, which in the case of AR-15 is going to be pretty high most of the time (though not always). The reason that .223 rifles are sometimes banned for hunting is because they go through the animal without causing immediately lethal damage, causing the animal to then flee and possibly go off and die without being used by the hunter. This is a pretty different situation from a mass shooting spree.

Let's be hypothetical. In the case of the Aurora shooting, what if the shooter had had a shotgun, a bolt-action 30.06 with a 6 round clip, and a .357 with a 6 round clip. Would he have been as deadly as he was in real life? I don't know...maybe, but it seems unlikely to me. 
&gt;it malfunctioned after less than 30 rounds, which is the typical capacity of a normal magazine.

It's the typical capacity of a normal magazine for an assault weapon. If he had been armed with an average handgun or hunting rifle, it would be more like 6-10. That was my point.

&gt;In your hypothetical scenario, no he wouldn't have killed/injured as many people. But this is kind of besides the point since even under the old AWB he would have access to pretty much the exact same load out he actually did use. If you are using the example to advocate an even more extreme AWB, well, that's a whole new can of worms.

That is precisely what I was advocating yes, so I'd say it's not beside the point. I never said that I support current AWB legislation - I said I support a ban on assault weapons. A ban, not a half-measure by liberal politicians to appease their base.

&gt;It just comes down to what you fundamentally believe. I didn't support the Patriot Act in reaction to 9/11, and I don't support assault weapon bans in reaction to shootings. I just don't like limiting the liberties that all normal law-abiding citizens enjoy just because of an isolated tragedy.

I don't support limiting liberties in *reaction* to shootings, but in order to prevent them in the future. I also don't consider "A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed" to mean "People can own as many and whatever kind of guns they want." It specifically says that the purpose to our right to bear arms is for maintaining a militia. State militias are no longer necessary (unless you mean the national guard, in which case their guns are supplied by the government), so the right to bear arms is not relevant. I'm not personally for outlawing all guns because it's not practical and because they are fun and useful. But I don't think the 2nd Amendment any longer actually gives us that right and it certainly shouldn't be a catch-all to own your own military-grade arsenal just because you can.

EDIT: But you make a very good argument. Upvotes for you, most definitely.

EDIT2: Just in case anyone is wondering, I currently own and am very proficient with the following:

* 1 .357 handgun, long-barrel

* 2 30.06 deer rifles, bolt-action, scoped

* 1 32.30, lever-action

* 1 12 gauge shotgun, break action

* 1 20 gauge shotgun, break action

I also owned 4-10 shotguns in single and double barrel and a .22 rifle, but they were stolen while I was in college.

So, I'm not against guns in general. I just 1) am against military-grade guns being legal, 2) don't think the 2nd Amendment is actually a valid defense of gun-ownership in the 21st century. I would say that gun-ownership is an implied right that is not guaranteed.
Damn...yes, thanks.
Lectured on this to my dual credit U.S. history class just the other day. After the Panic of 1819, average, lower-middle class to poor Americans began to blame government for their financial problems. This led to a wider spectrum of people being interested in politics, as they saw that politics actually affected their lives. This led to the Congressional representatives focusing more on serving their particular districts than on voting their conscience. This became a tradition that persists today and stands in the way of consensus and compromise.
90% of the petty, mean-spirited things people post on Facebook. I liked a few liberal groups like Americans Against the Tea Party, etc.. They give a lot of good information and links to articles, but for every good link or piece of information, there is a stupid photoshop of Mitt Romney's head on Palpatine's body or something equally stupid.
