Exactly. If Obama hid his religion, or if there was any real reason to believe he was a Muslim besides hearsay from biased sources, then I'd agree with epicgeek. But he's denied it, he's mentioned his Christianity on numerous occasions, etc. People should know by now that he's not a Muslim, and it's scary that this many people are ignorant to something really basic.
Yeah, but there are sources from even before Obama really launched on his political career. His first book, written a few years before he first ran for office, talks about his experiences at Jeremiah Wright's church (forget the name).

I suppose he could be a crypto-Muslim, but there's about as much reason to believe that as there is to believe Romney is a Muslim.
Oh, yeah, I realized you probably didn't actually believe he's a Muslim. :)
So, when you're trying to ship oil and fresh beef over to China, which Pacific ports will you be using exactly?
The point isn't the details. It doesn't matter that they're flown out of Missouri. Although I do find it hilarious that you think _not knowing the details of how beef is exported_ has anything to do with what I know of Chinese culture. I had assumed it was shipped live; I know that's the way it used to work within the states, livestock was shipped by train to regional slaughterhouses. So I'm sorry I'm not a rancher, I guess?

You do realize it'd all cost you money, right? Mexico wouldn't just say "Oh, yes, of course you can use our ports, free of charge!" Texas would be making a lot less money if it's exporting via Mexico than it would shipping within the US. And even in the case of the beef, every little extra bit that you have to ship out of your own infrastructure means either costly expansions or heavy logistics issues.
&gt;Almost all of them are "take" states that take more federal money than they give.

I've seen that before, and I think it's absolutely hilarious. They talk about slashing taxes and fiscal responsibility, and then point out how they have less debt than blue states... when they're only afloat because of northern and western labor.
The large amount of livestock and natural resources is countered by the high population. India has a higher GDP than Texas. I'll bet it has a lot more of certain types of natural resources, livestock, etc too. Does that mean India's a wonderful developed nation with absolutely no economic problems?


