And if they don't have to accept him as a Christian, then they can dismiss him as The Other who is unworthy to be followed after the election.

EDIT: I remembered the song from South Pacific, and it seems to fit:

Cable:
You've got to be taught
To hate and fear,
You've got to be taught
From year to year,
It's got to be drummed
In your dear little ear
You've got to be carefully taught.

You've got to be taught to be afraid
Of people whose eyes are oddly made,
And people whose skin is a diff'rent shade,
You've got to be carefully taught.

You've got to be taught before it's too late,
Before you are six or seven or eight,
To hate all the people your relatives hate,
You've got to be carefully taught!
So basically, the same 25% of the population that supported torture, thought Bush and Cheney were the best people ever, and that Iraq caused 9-11 hold these views. 

Can't say I'm surprised.
When 25% of the population believes its stupid, it's still a stupid thing.

When 61% of the people believe something stupid, it is still a stupid thing.

The fact that 25% of the population is the same segment of the population believed that Iraq caused 9-11 and that torture was good now means another 35% has joined with them to believe in something else equally as silly.
I take the poll exactly for what it is:

61% of the population believes something that's incorrect. 

I don't base my life on polls. I base it on facts. And if 61% of the country believes something that's wrong, it's still wrong. Sorry you feel otherwise and change your mind based on what the majority believes.
I already did. I think 61% are wrong when they say you shouldn't build a mosque. What don't you understand about that? Is your blue untied?
Actually, I'll be pretty quick to judge in this case. If you actually think that a Muslim judge would be appointed with those beliefs, then you're swallowing the line that all Muslims are brown skinned la-la-la-la screaming sword carrying psychopaths.

I mainly say that as someone who's hung out with Christians/Muslims/Jews/Atheists/etc of every stripe and kind. They've all got good and bad people in their midst, and as long as we elect good, rational people to the highest offices, then we'll be fine.
