I am a scientist, but we often miss the obvious. Could it be that:

his middle name is Hussein?

his father was Muslim?

I'm not saying that it's right to think he's Muslim because of that, but I think those are a lot more logical reasons for the belief than the somewhat insulting article.
No. They are making their claim from a superficial look at his name and heritage. No, there is no thoughtful consideration of the matter.
Help me out here, then.  I've never watched Fox News. Do you have documentation that Fox News calls him Muslim 100 times a day?
Why not read my actual post rather than immediately condemning me as a "close minded, ill-educated 'conservative'"?

No, I don't fucking believe he is a Muslim. No, I don't fucking care.

If you are investigating "why Americans believe Obama is a Muslim", then you need to look at the obvious reasons people might come to that conclusion.

Yes, those who think he is Muslim are coming to the wrong fucking conclusion. 




It's insulting in its generalizations and jumps in logic in the report, although his actual article may not be so.

The biggest concern from a scientific aspect are the comments:

&gt;He also suggests they are fueled by an "irresponsible" media culture that allows political pundits and "talking heads" to perpetuate the lies.

&gt;"Careless or biased media outlets are largely responsible for the propagation of these falsehoods, which catch on like wildfire," 

He is showing a built in bias by using such phrases.  Predetermined expectations, particularly in a field such as psychology, tend to yield predetermined results. That is the insulting part.
&gt;"irresponsible" media culture

&gt;"talking heads" to perpetuate the lies.

Those are phrases showing a bias.

I agree that it is insulting to use the word "Muslim" as a slur, but that is the basis of of the article.
The terms he uses are somewhat inflammatory.  That's what I consider the bias. It's one thing to think that the media is misleading the public. It is a jump to label it "irresponsible". There are other ways of terming that.
READ THE FUCKING POST BEFORE YOU RANT!!!

&gt;"will ignorance in the face of overwhelming evidence to the contrary."

Certainly.  What I am saying is that you don't need to delve into deep psychology of why they (incorrectly) think that, but that there are obvious reasons people think he is Muslim. I don't fucking think he is, and wouldn't give a fuck if he were, but there are simple reasons people would jump to that conclusion.
&gt;Yes, of course his name and heritage is the genesis of these beliefs.

Where in the article did it say that.

&gt;an overwhelming majority would select yours as the "rant".

A rant begins when you start a personal attack like you did in your original reply. There is no need for that.

