&gt;Middle men can only raise prices, they cannot lower it.

So not only do you not understand what a free market is, you don't understand what a speculator is or does.

Speculators own commodities just as any other consumer does. There is nothing inherent to their function that makes them "middlemen" rather than just market participants.

Speculators can and do lower prices frequently. Consider that one way to profit in a market is to sell short when value is skewed right, thus lowering prices. 

You have absolutely 0 understanding of economics so you should stop talking about it until you read books. I will be following you around to destroy your arguments because it's incredibly easy.
&gt;If speculators commonly lost money, they would not be in the market. So they must be making money overall, that means prices are higher.

You truly are just an idiot, I think. Have you actually thought through your own positions? So whenever anyone makes a profit on anything a market inefficiency is created? By your own logic anyone who has a job, buys something, or sells something is thus just a 'middleman', akin to the speculator. There is no functional difference between grandma purchasing cheetos at kwik-e-mart and soros buying coffee futures.

&gt; It is sad that you can't comprehend simple addition and subtraction.

What is sad is that you think economic phenomena can actually be explained by "simple addition and subtraction". There is a reason people get PhDs in this field and it is not because it's all 'common sense'. You are vastly ill-equipped to understand economic concepts, you are not trained at all, you are simply a child in his mother's basement playing armchair. One day you will realize that the amount of knowledge you have obtained is insignificant compared to the possible knowledge out there. Unfortunately you will probably have lived your entire life resisting learning as an ego defense, and on your deathbed you may regret that you were your own obstacle to a good life.

&gt;Not possible, the addition of middle men always raise the price.

You do not understand what speculators are or how financial markets function. You are thinking of whole economies in terms of your observations of how retail stores function. This leads to such ridiculous statements as:

&gt;If a speculator makes money on a short sale, that just means the price goes up.

&gt;Oh dear, you consider facts to be militant.

lolwut. "Militant" is not a descriptor of the facts but rather how one communicates said facts to others. Screaming at religious people that they are dumb is an example of militancy. It is also a display of ignorance, because not all religious people are dumb.

&gt;What is wrong with you?

OK, let's get serious here... You're on the spectrum, right?
&gt;Yes they are.

Everyone who has spent any amount of time outside of mommy's basement has met intelligent religious people. Once you get out into the world you will see that often religion functions more as a psychological crutch than anything. Life sucks, the world sucks, and it is hard to be happy. Religion is basically canned happiness. One can subscribe to it and still achieve magnificent things in the intellectual realm.

That is one proof against your ridiculous argument. Another is that pre-industrialization, almost every mathematician, philosopher, and scientist in the world maintained religious affiliations. The history of science begins with the intellectual pursuits of religious people. Thus religious people cannot by default be stupid, or else science is based on stupidity.
&gt;Not possible, that is an oxymoron.

...

&gt;pre-industrialization, almost every mathematician, philosopher, and scientist in the world maintained religious affiliations. The history of science begins with the intellectual pursuits of religious people. Thus religious people cannot by default be stupid, or else science is based on stupidity.

Seriously, there is more to life than your mom's basement and the world is bigger than maritime Canada. Get out a bit, think outside the box.
