The ones who did the last two things you listed would probably not align themselves with the Tea Party, given that both were accomplished with high levels of "big government" involvement.
&gt;Who said anything about tea party?

The conspiracy theory/xenophobe type nonsense shown in the link has been widely embraced by the Tea Party. The Tea Party also has wide support in the 50+ age group mentioned in the post you replied to, which was about moronic, bigoted fuddy duddies soon dying off. I merely inferred.

Anyhow, the seniors who participated in NASA and the formation of the internet, while over 50, are hardly likely to be part of the idiotic know-nothing demographic about which cabbadabbadoo complained. This was my point. If your objection to cabba was just that some 50+ year olds did cool, intelligent things like NASA, then your point was irrelevant: cabbadabbadoo was clearly not talking about all 50+ year olds, but rather a subset of 50+ year olds in which most NASA engineers/scientists would not be included:the idiots. You can call this subset whatever you like. Because of the high correlation, I called it the Tea Party in my post. Semantics.

EDIT: also, you make a lot of assumptions about his parents. He could be a voter and still have parents under 40. Further, he could have parents that weren't worth a damn, and didn't feed and house him nearly as well as they should have, and/or that did not pay for his schooling. Some people pay their own ways.
Oh, please! It is called "context," and you are completely ignoring it. 

The OP was about an ignorant old xenophobe; the words of cabba immediately preceeding your citation were about utter ignorance being common in a particular demographic; the words immediately following it were about allowing religious beliefs to dictate political stance to the point of ignoring fact and common sense. It is highly unlikely that cabba literally believes or meant that all over 50s are ignoramuses guilty of the sins he describes - just that too high a percentage of them are. Use of the word 'all' was blatant hyperbole, and you are seeking drama by choosing to interpret this single word literally, when the context contraindicates this. If your only objection is to the word 'all' and the use of hyperbole, you are a nitpicking fuckhead who is wasting everyone's time.

EDIT: punctuation.
Depending on how rabid she is "I will remind you of this in 2016, when you are 3 years dead from bigoted, xenophobic apoplexy, and none of that stuff has happened" may be more appropriate.
I am excited to hear that in less than 2 months, the price of gasoline will increase by 12 orders of magnitude to "$5t" per gallon. When you think about it, this is fantastic news for the US state governments. The sales tax alone on twice refueling my Chevy Tahoe would be able to pay off the entire national debt - with $2t to spare, funding California's k-12 education for the next 10,000 years!
