What evidence is there that she isn't?

After all, she only became a Christian in 2010.
Romans 13 is a strange passage, which virtually no one believes actually means what common English translations say. It would mean that Paul, a former government sponsored persecutor of Christians who has been actively persecuted with the support of the Government on many occasions is writing to the Romans, who had just undergone persecution at the hands of the government and telling them that the government doesn't persecute people. Literally no one would have believed him. Even atheist scholars say that the passage doesn't make sense that way.

And, of course, Paul's entire career was in violation of the law, since he was forbidden to preach.

&gt;"True" biblical Christians are literally one in a million, and this bitch ain't one, for certain.

How do you know that?
&gt;The Bible doesn't mean what it clearly states.

I was very careful to refer to "common English translations." The Greek has quite a bit more ambiguity, enough that I believe it's referring to church leaders, not government authorities. Among other things, the word translated "taxes" also translates to "tithes" and the word "governing" would be better translated as "superior." Further, it's in a section talking about relationships within the church.
It is a very small survey, with a four point margin of error and the demographics seem off (78% over 45 and 53% men?)

I don't know how people could believe Obama is a Muslim though. Anyone paying attention knows he's an atheist.
Sure. But he allegedly went to a church for 20 years without ever hearing the pastor, has virtually no knowledge of Christian ethics (as evidenced by trying to create loopholes to satisfy the Catholic church) and his books have major doctrinal errors (to the extent that most Christians wouldn't consider him a Christian on that alone.)

Like his stance on same-sex marriage, his Christianity is a position he knew he needed to get elected, not one he actually holds.
His response to attacks against Jeremiah Wright (the racist pastor of "his" church) was that he had no knowledge of the problems.

&gt;Rather baseless and ridiculous, as it implies the largest single Christian church isn't Christian at all.

I have no idea where this came from. My point was that loopholes aren't a thing in Christian ethics.

&gt;Considering that you don't consider most Christians to be Christians by your own words

You just made this up.
You clearly didn't understand my logic, if you think that's the same thing.

No True Scotsman doesn't work that way.
Yes, advocating for divorce would be contradicting the word of Christ. So would having a divorce (outside of particular circumstances.) But the existence of sin doesn't mean you're not a Christian. Even advocating for divorce wouldn't rise to that level.

&gt;You're saying no true Christian would support gay marriage, but a true christian can support divorce.

I said nothing even resembling that.
The way the poll is described is strange, but I'm pretty sure half of those are Democrats.
That page says repeatedly that they have virtually nothing in common. Your characterization of it is simply absurd.
Oh. Sorry.

Poe's Law is a real thing.
I think he just picked a church he knew was popular and didn't really attend (at least not often.) So he missed the fact that Jeremiah Wright is a racist lunatic.
The word bigot isn't really related to race.

A bigot is someone who refuses to consider differing opinions and is intolerant toward those who hold them.
&gt;I'm all fine with right wing views, but the Republican party of America is extraordinarily bought and paid for, as well as just generally hugely incompetant

What are you basing this on?

&gt;Beyond that the 95% of idiots who are voting for them are idiots because they're voting against their own interests

Or this?


