Why would it be so horrible if Obama was a muslim?
But we don't hate all Christians just because of the crusades. 
Did a quick google, looks like he might [have](http://www.marxist.com/iraq-bush-crusades080503.htm).
not explicitly.
*sorry, didn't notice the mis-type.
They are. The Catholics are molesting children. 
so your point is that the crusades run by the christians was much worse that 9/11?
Ok, I don't know the answer to this, but I think the question is interesting.  How many 'christians' were killed in 9/11?  Compare that to the number of muslims killed by the US since 9/11.  Anyway, upvotes to you for the interesting counterpoints.
I agree it would. And I think that's a bad reflection on our society. 
With all due respect (and indeed, I gave you an upvote), when I think of christianity I think of the catholic child molestation scandal, jerry falwell, and the westboro baptist church.  So, to me (and I would guess more people), a few radical christians do speak for all of christianity.
I did. Thank you. 
I agree that having a national leader that lies is not desirable.  However, my original point is why should it matter whether your national leader (I'm Canadian) is a muslim or a christian?
I don't see how any of that wouldn't apply to a fundamentalist christian. 
I would guess that moderate islamic leaders would be similar to moderate christian leaders.  A fundamentalist christian leader, based on the bilble, might very well campaign against alcohol (prohibition, 1 Corinthians 6:10), against bacon (Lev 11:7), about how women dress (Deuteronomy 22:5), about a womans ability to teach (1 Timothy 2:12 ), for fasting (Exodus 34:28), and national religious holidays (hmmmmm, how about Christmas and Easter).  For more horrors on what a christian political leader might legislate, see the full list [here](http://www.nobeliefs.com/DarkBible/darkbible4.htm)
I'm not speaking in theory.  Many of the points I raised are already law (christian holidays) or are just as actively being pursued by christian fundamentalists as muslim fundamentalists.
I like your response to your relative.  I'm Canadian, so I won't pretend to be American, but what the heck does "our values" pertain to? I thought America was not founded on any religious principles.  Don't get me wrong, I'm not a muslim sympathiser anymore than I am a christian sympathiser.  I wish there was no religion.  I just don't understand why one is better than the other.
